

Privacy Policy for az-20 Apps
At az-20 Apps, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our app users. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by az-20 Apps when you use the Word Puzzle mobile application.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at webdevite@gmail.com

This privacy policy applies only to our Word Puzzle game activities and is valid for users of the app with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Word Puzzle app. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than through this app.

Consent

By using our game, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.

Information we collect

We do not currently collect any personal information from users. If however, we do so in the future, the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.

If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.


How we use your information

We do not currently collect any information from users. As such, we do not use your information in any way as we do not have them. 

The primary advertiser in our app is Google and they have their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.

Google

https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads


Third-Party Privacy Policies

Word Puzzle's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.


CCPA Privacy Policy (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)

Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:

Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.

Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.

Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

GDPR Privacy Policy (Data Protection Rights)

We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:

The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.

The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.

The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using this app. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

Word Puzzle does not collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13 nor any of its users. If you think that your child has been asked for personal information while using our app, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
